And therefore, that's it for this course.
My last recommendation is that you stay updated
and that you never stop learning,
not just when it comes to React,
but for web development in general.
But of course, also for React.
Now I will do my best to keep this course updated
and let you know about major changes to React
but you definitely also should try
to stay updated on your own.
You can use Twitter for that
and dive into the Twitter Tech and React Community.
You can use the official ReactJS website for this,
and have a look at their blog to learn
about interesting changes, experiments,
initiatives and more.
Staying updated and staying an active learner.
These are super important skills as a developer
and together with practicing,
this is what will ensure that you can master React,
that you can be a React developer today and tomorrow,
and that you really utilize what you learned in this course
and get 100% out of this course.